---
title: Fuze Box 7.0
layout: post
author: ethan.reuter
permalink: /fuze-box-7.0/
source-id: 1v6whi85NLzLWXj4evWzJv1RjUGQJusHBMH03RUz-2k4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Work 7.0</td>
    <td> Date</td>
    <td>7/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We had got our code and our manual to work out the code, we needed to carry on coding </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Carry on coding</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, we had time to do coding and we got quite far with our work when we were coding we are now only 4 pages away from working with components </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt my following what we needed to do, yes we did come up with some mistakes along the way which is extremely annoying but we realised that our coping was wrong and our code said where we went wrong. The strategy that was effective was learning from other groups that had got further than us on where on the same section as we were </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was getting distracted by the other group working next to us, we don't normally have a group working next to us so I think Dom and Ovo, the people that are in the other group were distracted by us and we were distracted by them. The habits that I need to work on are being annoying to other group and being annoyed at how far behind we, it's a positive relationship we are wasting time talking about how they are ahead of us, which means they get even further ahead</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change for next time is working with others outside our group so that I understand what they have done and how they can help our group from the outside looking in. This will improve my learning by them bringing their experience and expertise to our group.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


