---
title: Fuze Box 5.0
layout: post
author: ethan.reuter
permalink: /fuze-box-5.0/
source-id: 1TXIPmDlrKlg2eHa3reioCpwxLijv3rRtW29f4T3VjyE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box 5.0</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/02
/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Our last saved</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To keep and coding and finish a chapter</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes because me and fraser finished the chapter</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that i learnt well and i got through quite a lot of the pages, we are not around page 50 which is quite far through the book and i don't think that we have got many pages left. I think that the strategy that is effective if is trying and doing what the book tells you to do </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was how the book was sometimes wrong because we checked the code and some of it wasn’t right even though it was exactly what was in the book. Like i said one of the weeks ago what limited my learning was that i wanted to know where everyone was, i want to compare myself to other people but the major problem is the fuze box as lots of the time it doesn't work or the coding is to big to see, in one case it was too small.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change for next time is how i work and i think that i should try myself what it should be if the coding book is wrong. I will improve my learning by making sure i don't ask questions to much and by picking the right fuze box that works </td>
  </tr>
</table>


