---
title: Fuze Box 8.0
layout: post
author: ethan.reuter
permalink: /fuze-box-8.0/
source-id: 1_FQ2UhNjrHLCgHZ5DNv87MW1J4QbMBCwc12JkSWL3ew
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Work 8.0</td>
    <td> Date</td>
    <td>19/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We had got our code and our manual to work out the code, we needed to carry on coding </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Carry on coding and reach components </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, we had time to do coding and we got quite far with our work when we were on components now </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt well and I made sure that we got through everything in the lesson and progress onto the next project, components and we did actually make it. Components is a lot harder than actually coding because you have to really learn and code yourself. The only guide that we had to follow is a picture which is very hard to work out what is meaning.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was a person that didn't have a computer to work with, just came around annoying our group and lots of other groups. The habits which I have to work are getting angry at people and our work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change for next time is making sure I look at the explanation correctly and the picture most importantly. I will improve my learning by working harder and making sure I don't get stressed</td>
  </tr>
</table>


